webext permissions: activeTab and menu for a subframe (#27219)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/content_scripts/index.md

[Background scripts](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Background_scripts) can access all the [WebExtension JavaScript APIs](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API), but they can't directly access the content of web pages. So if your extension needs to do that, you need content scripts.

> Just like the scripts loaded by normal web pages, content scripts can read and modify the content of their pages using the standard DOM APIs. However, they can only do this when [granted host permission](#permissions).

Reviewer: "when granted host permission" - is that proper English? At my first review pass I read "permissions" (plural), but I just noticed that the text label itself is singular. How about this:

```suggestion
Just like the scripts loaded by normal web pages, content scripts can read and modify the content of their pages using the standard DOM APIs. However, they can only do this when [host permissions to the web page's origin have been granted](#permissions).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: @Rob--W did you mean something like this:
```suggestion
However, they can only do this when [granted host permission](#permissions).
```

Reviewer: This looks good.

Content scripts can only access [a small subset of the WebExtension APIs](#webextension_apis), but they can [communicate with background scripts](#communicating_with_background_scripts) using a messaging system, and thereby indirectly access the WebExtension APIs.

> > **Note:** Content scripts are only executed if the extension is granted [host permissions](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions#host_permissions) for the domain.

Reviewer: With this removed, it may still be worth keeping a reference to the new section, to emphasize that scripts are only executed if access is granted.
